hey guys what's up this Scott swordplay
here and this going to be another my
method guide but this going to be more
like if you already know the basics of
the mini game so if you do not play the
mini game at all i really wouldn't
recommend really watching this guide
until you watch a how to learn in the
mini game guide now this is going to be
a guide on camping the death blood and
soul creatures so um yeah what you want
to do is first either use your wicked
hood or like glory here or something and
looks like there's a bank I didn't even
know that I guess it must have come with
the update of course I managed to lag
but y'all get back to recording when I'm
inside and yeah okay so just like usual
you want to teleport here grab a quick
amount of runes now normally won't
really be teleporting much um but if you
plan but there is always a way of
teleporting and it will probably speed
you up a bit more but teleporting is
really going to be done only for people
that are using either death or blood but
if you're doing so you will not need
teleport so I'm quickly grab a tiny bit
of runes you know I took five each we're
doing soul but if you're doing the
others you want to get a decent stack so
um yeah let's go do that so after you've
obtained the runes that you want to
obtain you will want to head southwest
on this layer and you'll want to go on
this bone ladder now once you go up I
will now show you the better spots for
training room crafting okay so once
you're at this spot i'm going to show
you where it is right now right here
which is simply just up up this way here
this one of my favorite spots but right
now it's kind of crowded it'll get
emptier in time after the update gets
dead content and you just hop around
hopefully you'll find an empty world or
numb to your world and the good thing
about this spot is that let me just
close map
now there are lots of events that happen
in this spot I don't know why it's just
that they seem to occur really well and
for the level that you're going to be at
which is level 77 or I believe this
level 83 it's very good XP and stuff so
now what you'll want to do is there's a
spot over here and if you see a good
event over here which is why i said if i
don't know why i'm lagging so bad but if
you see a good thing that you want to
grab like bloody skulls or something
that gives you a lot of XP and you just
teleport there so um yeah that's just my
tip to you guys so i'm going to show you
guys if you got this fear level 77 this
go to yours be your spot and also this
little teleport thing is for level 77
only so you know also because me a blood
room for these teles so obviously 77
only so now if you are level 65 there's
going to be a death one that spawns over
here there's also a blood which is you
know if you're camping you girls stay
here and keep staying here until I see
them expand over their work I don't know
where the death one ran away to I'm
gonna go look for him hmm fairly sure
there was a death one because my friend
was training here I think I went to the
other side I don't know there should be
a death one second okay so what you do
is your going to be teleporting between
if you're 65 we're going to be
teleporting between this plateau and one
over here now this way you're mainly
going to be camping because as you can
see there is a deaf guy right there so
all you need to do is click siphon and
this is why you want to have many ruins
now here it's only air and chaos and
over there it's I believe also just
Airin chaos so you want to get a good
snack on those I guess now
if you are level 90 you will want to go
here you want teleport back oh I need a
chaos / and one second I'll be right
back okay so once you have your chaos
you will go here you'll pretty much be
teleporting backwards now what you do at
this point is you just go to this spot
and here's a living soul now for those
who don't know what nodes are nodes are
these little random events pretty much
that happened only in this minigame and
they give extra XP you know you don't
get rune essence when you kill them so
you know don't camp them unless you have
a large supply of rune essence because
that will not be good and you get a body
room so let's find a body there we go so
the reason why I want to find a spot
with good nodes is because nodes give
more XP and are easier to obtain so like
even if the node gives less expedia
little creature other there it means the
lower level node and you'll probably
fail it less likely and you'll gain the
things faster now if you're a level 90
this is my favorite spot as you can see
notes spawned everywhere here for some
reason you will see a lot of the undead
souls I guess but it's usually not that
big of a deal as you can see they're all
on the undead soul they're all high
level room crafters but there are many
other spots that spawn here a lot you
can also go to that spot but this one's
i has a bit less events usually and this
one obviously is more crowded because
people already found out the good spots
so yeah if you're a little 90
runecrafting you'll be trading off the
soulless Wraith and they're also other
events like rooting spheres and the
wizard but I personally never do it you
have to have a really massive supply of
runes and I always get unlucky and I
never managed to get the wizard so yeah
I usually don't bother with that now
some of the little nodes can on the
bottom if you look over here you'll see
what kind of ruins thing
give like this one I can't even get a
nice view on it this one will give you
Laurens as you can seal a lost symbol
and the bloody skulls will give you
death and blood if you see it like
there's one over here and there's one
over here so that's why sometimes it'll
get a bit less XD because you only get
one of the rooms you'll get like the
weaker version and sometimes you'll get
both so Todd XP is determined then yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed hopefully this
helped you out and this isn't really
much of a guide for learning how to play
the mini game but rather if you know a
bit of mini gaming you want um trem the
higher level floor so yeah hope you guys
enjoyed make sure to LIKE comment and
subscribe if you enjoyed the video and
help you and yeah bye